Improve docs metadata (#405)
o1-labs/docs2: docs/zkapps/faq.mdx

---

> title: FAQ

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: SnarkyJS FAQ
```

Author: This will change the sidebar text for this page from `FAQ` -> `SnarkyJS FAQ`. Is that change intended?

Reviewer: oh hmmm can we leave the title as SnarkyJS FAQ and have the sidebar FAQ?

Reviewer: Oh, I found out how and propose in the suggestion to add

`sidebar_label: FAQ`

> description: Answers to common questions about SnarkyJS, a library that creates zk circuits from user code. Learn about the use of built-in SnarkyJS datatypes, functions, and the implications for proof generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: FAQ
description: Answers to common questions about SnarkyJS, a library that creates zk circuits from user code. Learn about the use of built-in SnarkyJS datatypes, functions, and the implications for proof generation.
```

> description: This FAQ addresses common questions about SnarkyJS, a library that creates zk circuits from user code. Learn about the use of built-in SnarkyJS datatypes, functions, and the implications for proof generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Answers to common questions about SnarkyJS, a library that creates zk circuits from user code. Learn about the use of built-in SnarkyJS datatypes, functions, and the implications for proof generation.
```
